Question 1

For given target string, I am creating a dictionary to map each letter in the string to number of occurences for that letter. Then repetitively from start to end of the source string, I am taking a slice from the source string of length equals to target string. I created temporary dictionary for the slice I am currently working on. Temporary dictionary stores the number of occurrences for each letter in the slice. So if the dictionary I created for target string matches with the temporary string the function return true. So after traversing the complete string if none of the dictionaries matches with target dictionary the function returns false. 
Time complexity:  O(nm), where n is the length of the source string and m is the length of the target string


Question 2

For this algorithm I am generating all even length and odd length palindromes. Then I am keeping track of the longest palindrome seen so far.
To generate odd length palindrome I am fixing a centre and then expand in both directions for longer palindromes.
To generate even length palindrome I am fix two centres ( low and high ) and then expand in both directions for longer palindromes.
Time complexity: O(n^2) where n is the length of input string.
Auxiliary Space: O(1)

Question 3

Prims Algorithm was implemented to calculate Minimum Spanning Tree for a given graph input.
The input graph was transformed to simplify the algorithm implement. Created a dictionary that maps each vertex to an integer stating from 0. Transformed the input into a format where every vertex is represented by an integer value.  The new input is used in the algorithm.

The following 3 variables are maintained throughout the algorithm:
	Keys: Holds minimum weight of the edge. Initialize weight of 0th element to zero, and all other weights to infinite.
	Mstset: Holds indexes of vertices that are in minimum spanning tree
	MstGraph: A new graph is built based on vertices in mstset only. Any edge that is not part of minimum spanning tree was ignored.

Iterate until Mstset has all vertices and perform the following actions
	1.	Find the minimum index of keys array that has least value and add that index to Mstset
	2.	Add an edge for last two vertices added to Mstset
	3.	Iterate through adjacent vertices
		a.	Update weight in keys array if value in key is more than weight in adjustment list

Adjacency list was created from the graph MstGraph. The adjacency list will consists of index of vertices. So, the adjacency list will be modified to replace vertex indexes with vertex name supplied as part of input. The modified adjacency list will be returned.

Time complexity: O(VE) where V is number of vertices and E is number of edges
Space Complexity: O(3V) where V is the number of vertices

Question 4

From the given adjacency matrix I built a Binary Search Tree.

Implemented the alogrithm in the following way:
	1) Find path from root to n1 and store it in a list.
	2) Find path from root to n2 and store it in another list.
	3) Traverse both paths till the values in lists are same. Return the common element just before the mismatch.

Time complexity: O(n) where n is the number of nodes
Space complexity: O(3h) where h is the height of the tree

Question 5

Maintained two pointers – temp pointer and current pointer. Initialized both pointers to head. Start incrementing the current pointer until it reaches end. When the current pointer crosses mth element from the start, start incrementing temp pointer. At the end, current pointer will be referencing the end element and temp pointer will be pointing the mth element from the end. Return temp pointer.

Time complexity: O(n) where n is the number of nodes
Space complexity: O(1)
